then Elijah Shem the high priest rose up
with his brethren the priests and built
the sheep gate they consecrated it and
hung its doors
they built as far as the Tower of the
hundred and consecrated it then as far
as the Tower of panin Elk next to a liar
ship the men of Jericho building and
next to them
Sakura the son of em right built also
the sons of Hassan aya built the fish
gate they laid its beams and hung its
doors with its bolts and bars and next
to them mera moth the son of Uriah the
son of cars made repairs next to them
Michelin the son of berechiah the son of
machete bell made repairs next to them
Zadok the son of baiana made repairs
next to them the two coeds made repairs
but their nobles did not put their
shoulders to the work of their Lord
moreover jehoiada the son of Hussein and
Michelin the son of Dissidia repaired
the old gate they laid its beams and
hung its doors with its bolts and bars
and next to them melet aya the
Gibeonites jayden de Marana fight the
men of Gibeon and mitzvah prepare the
residence of the governor of the region
beyond the river next to him Accio the
son of our hire one of the Goldsmith's
made repairs also next to him Hananiah
one of the perfumers made repairs and
they fortified Jerusalem as far as the
broad wall and next to them referred the
son of her leader of half the district
of Jerusalem made repairs next to them
Judea the son of Haruma made repairs in
front of his house and next to him a
Jewish the son of hashim Maya made
repairs
Malka the son of hey room and hey shoved
the son of pay half mob prepared another
section as well as the Tower of the
ovens and next to him was Shalom the son
of hallo hish leader of half the
district of Jerusalem he and his
daughters made repairs hainan and the
inhabitants of Genoa repaired the valley
gate they built it hung its doors with
its bolts and bars and repaired a
thousand cubits of the walls far as the
ref you skate malkia the son of recap
leader of the district of beth hecarim
repaired the refuse gate he built it and
hung its doors with its bolts and bars
shaolin the son of kal jose leader of
the district of Misbah repaired the
fountain gate he built it covered it
hung its doors with its bolts and bars
and repaired the wall of the pool of
Shilla by the king's garden as far as
the stairs that go down from the city of
David after him Nehemiah the son of
Hezbollah leader of half the district of
Beth serve made repairs as far as the
palace in front of the tombs of David to
the man-made pool and as far as the
house of the michael after him the
Levites
under Rehan the son of Bay nine made
repairs next to him Pasha bhaiyya leader
of half the district of Kerala made
repairs for his district after him their
brethren under bay by the son of enna
dad leader of the other half of the
district of Kela made repairs and next
to him either the son of Joshua the
leader of Misbah repaired another
section in front of the ascent to the
armoury at the buttress after him Bey
rope the son of Z by carefully repaired
the other section from the buttress to
the door of the house of elijah the high
priest after him Maremma the son of
Uriah the son of caused repaired another
section from the door of the house of a
lion through the end of the house of
elijah
and after him the priests the men of the
plane made repairs after him Benjamin
and Hashem made repairs opposite their
house after them Azariah the son of may
Ashiya the son of an Ania made repairs
by his house after him VIN you I the son
of henna dad repaired another section
from the house of Azariah to the
buttress even as far as the corner pelo
the son of yous I made repairs opposite
the buttress and on the tower which
projects from the Kings upper house that
was by the court of the prison after him
padilla the son of pay rosh made repairs
moreover the Nephilim who dwelt in ofl
made repairs as far as the place in
front of the water gate toward the east
and on the projecting tower after them
the two coeds repaired another section
next to the great projecting tower and
as far as the wall of Po fell beyond the
horse gate the priests made repairs each
in front of his own house after them
Zadok the son of Emmer made repairs in
front of his own house after him shamea
the son of shek Anaya
the keeper of the east gate made repairs
after him Hananiah the son of shale
Amaya and haina the sixth son of gsella
prepared another section after him
Michelle um the son of berechiah made
repairs in front of his dwelling after
him Malka one of the Goldsmith's made
repairs as far as the house of the
Nephilim and of the merchants in front
of the myth cad gate and as far as the
upper room at the corner and between the
upper room at the corner as far as the
sheep gate the Goldsmith's and the
merchants made repairs